Peggy Doozer
hey this is sean velasco the director of
the Nintendo DS version of batman the
brave and the bold the video game in the
nintendo DS version you can play as one
of eight different iconic DC heroes such
as Red Tornado and then on top of that
you can team up with Batman to do this
screen clearing special attack that we
call a team of attack each one of these
characters naturally has their own set
of abilities which you can see
demonstrated here we're gonna use red
tornados ability to hover in order to
tackle gaps that Batman can right now
we're playing on dinosaur island and
Batman has teamed up with Red Tornado to
stop this diabolical plot that Morgan la
Fey and clock King have cooked up
Batman isn't without his unique
skillsets as well he comes equipped with
this entire arsenal of gadgets such as
battering and the belt sword which can
be pulled out of his utility belt to
help them execute these super fast and
powerful combo attacks as you can see
here we're using Batman's gravel gun to
hook onto the ceiling in order to
collect these coins that we can later
use at the Batcave to purchase upgrades
and weapons the smart bomb is often
because when you drop it down the whole
screen turns white all the enemies just
fade away you get it from defeating one
of the bosses it's a ridiculously
awesome screen clearing special effect
when you combine this with the abilities
of all Batman superhero friends even the
most menacing of supervillains don't
stand a chance another thing to notice
about the Nintendo DS version of batman
the brave in the bowl of the video game
is that everything from the backgrounds
the effects to the gadgets to the
characters boast their own unique pixel
representation way forward is a
development studio that's known for its
awesome pixel art this game also
supports 10 layers of parallax for those
of you who don't know parallax is the
amount of layers on the screen the
foreground will be a layer the play
field will be a layer and then back back
back all of those scroll at a different
rate so it creates this amazing illusion
of depth so another impressive aspect of
the Nintendo DS version of the game to
point out is the voice talent which
we've enlisted directly from the
animated series
if you listen closely you'll hear Batman
and the other heroes dole out funny
one-liners grunts you'll notice that
it's the voices of the actual stars of
the animated series themselves batman
the brave and the bold is all about
teaming up and kicking butt and any fan
of the series will definitely be able to
appreciate all the great humor that
we've translated from the show this is
an absolute must-have for any brave in
the bold fan
you